Update admin guide with DNF Module information (#952)
rocky-linux/documentation: docs/books/admin_guide/13-softwares.md

By default, the `enabled` directive is absent which means that the repository is enabled. To disable a repository, you must specify the `enabled=0` directive.

## DNF Modules

Modules were introduced in Rocky Linux 8 by the upstream. In order to use modules, the Appstream repository must exist and be enabled.

### What are Modules

Modules come from the Appstream repository and contain both streams and profiles. These can be described as follows:

* **Module Streams:** A module stream can be thought of as a separate repository within the Appstream repository that contains different application versions. These module repositories contain the application RPMs, dependencies, and documentation for that particular stream. An example of a module stream in Rocky Linux 8 would be `postgresql`. If you install `postgresql` using the standard `sudo dnf install postgresql` you will get version 10. However, using modules, you can instead install versions 9.6, 12 or 13. 

> * **Module Profiles:** What a module profile does is take into consideration the use case for the module stream when installing the package. Applying a profile adjusts the package RPMs, dependencies and documentation to account for the module's use. Using the same `postgresql` stream in our example, you can apply a profile of either "server" or "client". Obviously, you don't need the same packages installed on your system if you are just going to use `postgresql` as a client to access a server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Module Profiles:** What a module profile does is take into consideration the use case for the module stream when installing the package. Applying a profile adjusts the package RPMs, dependencies and documentation to account for the module's use. Using the same `postgresql` stream in our example, you can apply a profile of either "server" or "client". Obviously, you do not need the same packages installed on your system if you are just going to use `postgresql` as a client to access a server. 
```

```
dnf module enable postgresql:12
```

Here the enable command requires the module name followed by a ":" and the stream name.

To verify that you have enabled `postgresql` module stream version 12, use your list command again which should show you the following output:

```
Rocky Linux 8 - AppStream
Name                       Stream                 Profiles                           Summary                                            
postgresql                 9.6                    client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 10 [d]                 client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 12 [e]                 client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 13                     client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module
```

Here we can see the "[e]" for "enabled" next to stream 12, so we know that version 12 is enabled.

### Installing Packages From The Module Stream

> Now that our module stream is enabled, the next step is to install `postgresql`. In this example, let's assume that we only want the client profile applied to our installation. To do this, we simply enter this command:

Reviewer 2: This reads like it's only possible to install packages through profiles, might need a rewording to tell that you can install the wanted packages/package versions after enabling the stream, OR you can basically skip both enabling and manually installing and just do a `dnf module install postgresql:13/client`, which does install the packages in the profile + enables the stream!

 postgresql                                                                                                                            

Transaction Summary
========================================================================================================================================

Is this ok [y/N]:
```

Answering "y" to the prompt will then reset `postgresql` back to the default stream with the stream that we had enabled (12 in our example) no longer enabled:

```
Rocky Linux 8 - AppStream
Name                       Stream                 Profiles                           Summary                                            
postgresql                 9.6                    client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 10 [d]                 client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 12                     client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 13                     client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module
```

> Now you can use the default or enable another stream just like we did above.

Reviewer 2: This section might need an addition of `dnf module switch-to` as this is somehow the better option of `dnf module reset x && dnf module enable x:x` now
https://dnf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/command_ref.html#module-command-label

```
dnf module enable postgresql:12
```

Here the enable command requires the module name followed by a ":" and the stream name.

To verify that you have enabled `postgresql` module stream version 12, use your list command again which should show you the following output:

```
Rocky Linux 8 - AppStream
Name                       Stream                 Profiles                           Summary                                            
postgresql                 9.6                    client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 10 [d]                 client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 12 [e]                 client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module                
postgresql                 13                     client, server [d]                 PostgreSQL server and client module
```

Here we can see the "[e]" for "enabled" next to stream 12, so we know that version 12 is enabled.

> ### Installing packages from the module stream
> 
> Now that our module stream is enabled, the next step is to install `postgresql`. Keep in mind that if we are installing postgresql server, then you would be able to just use `dnf install postgresql` without specifying a profile, as "server" is the default. In this example, let's assume that we only want the client profile applied to our installation. To do this, we simply enter this command:
> 
> ```
> dnf install postgresql/client
> ```
> 
> Which should give you this output:
> 
> ```
> ========================================================================================================================================
>  Package                    Architecture           Version                                              Repository                 Size
> ========================================================================================================================================
> Installing group/module packages:
>  postgresql                 x86_64                 12.12-1.module+el8.6.0+1049+f8fc4c36                 appstream                 1.5 M
> Installing dependencies:
>  libpq                      x86_64                 13.5-1.el8                                           appstream                 197 k
> Installing module profiles:
>  postgresql/client                                                                                                                     
> 
> Transaction Summary
> ========================================================================================================================================
> Install  2 Packages
> 
> Total download size: 1.7 M
> Installed size: 6.1 M
> Is this ok [y/N]:
> ```
> 
> Answering "y" to the prompt will install everything you need to use postgresql version 12 as a client.

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
### Installing packages from the module stream

Now that our module stream is enabled, the next step is to install `postgresql`, the client application for the postgresql server. This can be achieved by running the following command:

```
dnf install postgresql
```

Which should give you this output:

```
========================================================================================================================================
 Package                    Architecture           Version                                              Repository                 Size
========================================================================================================================================
Installing group/module packages:
 postgresql                 x86_64                 12.12-1.module+el8.6.0+1049+f8fc4c36                 appstream                 1.5 M
Installing dependencies:
 libpq                      x86_64                 13.5-1.el8                                           appstream                 197 k

Transaction Summary
========================================================================================================================================
Install  2 Packages
Total download size: 1.7 M
Installed size: 6.1 M
Is this ok [y/N]:
```

After approving by typing "y" you installed the application.

### Installing packages from module stream profiles

It's also possible to directly install packages without even having to enable the module stream! In this example, let's assume that we only want the client profile applied to our installation. To do this, we simply enter this command:

```
dnf install postgresql:12/client
```

Which should give you this output:

```
========================================================================================================================================
 Package                    Architecture           Version                                              Repository                 Size
========================================================================================================================================
Installing group/module packages:
 postgresql                 x86_64                 12.12-1.module+el8.6.0+1049+f8fc4c36                 appstream                 1.5 M
Installing dependencies:
 libpq                      x86_64                 13.5-1.el8                                           appstream                 197 k
Installing module profiles:
 postgresql/client
Enabling module streams:
 postgresql                                        12

Transaction Summary
========================================================================================================================================
Install  2 Packages

Total download size: 1.7 M
Installed size: 6.1 M
Is this ok [y/N]:
```

Answering "y" to the prompt will install everything you need to use postgresql version 12 as a client.
````
